# 2022.06.06 Policy WG Minutes

Time 0830 PST / 1630 BST

- Chair – Chris Adams (The Green Web Foundation)
- Chair - Elise Zelechowski (Thoughtworks)
- Convener –  Sean Mcilroy (Linux Foundation)

Meeting recording - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ttKxQE6GweNAI1TCfIq-Fgbv6WIEIuDRbLnIP1ZJ5N8/edit
  
## Roll call

**Name Surname, (Company)**  
Sean Mcilroy - LF <br>
Elise Zelehowski - TW<br>
Asim Hussain - MSFT<br>
Abhishek Gupta - BSG<br>
Cameron Casher - TW<br>

## Antitrust Policy
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
  
## Agenda Approval (decision) 

2022.06.06 Agenda

Sean reviews the agenda - Asim motions to approve the agenda - no objections - agenda approved
  
## Approval of previous meeting minutes

[2022.04.25_minutes](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/policy_wg/blob/main/Agenda_Minutes/2022/2022.04.25_minutes.md)

Cameron motions to approve the agenda - no objections - minutes approved

**Summary from last meeting**
- [Policy Scope](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dE-cz7vlZwrOG9Fnw5-43VSLhoHu7qZaoHtsurabSkI/edit) Document will be for the green IT policy space.
- Another document will be created for the 24/7 carbon energy compact, for advice on whether should we join in or should we not?
   
## An internal briefing related to the 24/7 UN compact

This compact has been raised by a few members, as a thing for the GSSF to sign, but it’s not clear what signing it fully entails. 

- Does this agree with the principles outlined in the GSF so far, and shared at the summit?
- Is this compatible with the focus on consequential modeling that the SCI relies on?
- Does this end up incentivising the same behavior that the SCI does?
- What are the implications for member organisations if the GSF signs it?

**Elise** -There was a question about whether GSF should sign on to other things, on behalf of all of its membership, what is the process to engage all of our members, in signing on to something, so we had put it on the agenda,is an example of something that might come to the policy group to review and then we would make a recommendation to the steering committee, and the next step here was that was that we were going to propose some questions abou how we might evaluate these kinds of things. Is it compatible with the the focus on consequential modelling that this software coverage tensity standard relies on? Is it duplicative? Does it incentivize the same behaviour? Is it a good thing to sort of commit to something that double doubles down or do we feel like there's any reason why being duplicative isn't necessarily helpful, and then what. What are the implications for member organisations, are we, the GSF body signing it. 
**Asim** - I was just thinking this because this is a really important question because it will affect a number of things things. There's our existing process already covered this, whereas it would be if this group agrees to sign on to it, then there's an opportunity then we'd like a consistent view opportunity for every other organisation. So you can sign on to it and then in two weeks, we're going to sign on to this unless there's an objection from any other organisation, and that way, there is a opportunity for people to enter on any objection, we will just obviously not sign on to it. 
**Abhisek** - I think that's an important distinction for us to be able to do anything meaningful, signing, etc. Because each of these org state their own, work at their own pace. So even if you open up a two week period, I don't think that makes sense, because some forms take much longer to get back and then we'll be unnecessarily held up. I think the key will be in how we phrase it accurately and make sure that anybody who, if you have a journalist or someone who's going to take that whatever signed pledge for them to make sure that they don't misrepresent it, when they write up an article on it or something, because the GSF signed on to it.

**Abhishek** - let's just make that FAQ the article, so that clarifies why, and at the same time solidifies our position, as well, so that there's even a smaller chance of being recorded or misinterpreted.

**Asim** - Prposed to pause on the 24/7 compact until we finish the theory of change. 

WG Agreed to the proposal to pause on the 24/7 compact until the theory of change has been completed. 

AI: Chris to write the inital draft after the Theory of change has been completed


## Landscape analysis

It’s not clear what organisations are now active in this digital sustainability field, and who the GSF should collaborate with.

- Which organisations are active in this field now, and what initiatives are there?
- How do they relate to existing GSF projects?
- Does any of this refer to the current GSF ontology?
- What existing work is out there to explore the themes that would relate to GSF member's interests?

Elise - I definitely think this is a good role for this committee, but this landscape analysis piece might help us focus, because it feels like having a real understanding how we categorise this sort of different organisations and how they interact with us. 

## Open call for externally facing position papers on behalf of member organisations

Elise - Part of the GSF’s remit is to make it easier for external stakeholders to understand what digital sustainability is, and how to think about it. However, we need some indication of the common difficulties GSF members have when speaking to either policy makers or people responsible for procurement, for example, so we know what kind of topics it would make sense to explore. 

Elise - This should be stood up a project

AI: Asim to produce a PRFAQ to start the Landscape analysis project.
AI: Doha to kick start the landscape analysis.

## Meeting cadence
20th June

WG agreed to the 20th June meeting

## AOB  

Asim - [PRFAQ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dtkj1g8dOxlkpu9xw2AeTE1v28y2CCD9rWzspUVTUwU/edit#heading=h.q4wug7a02m4n)

Asim outlines the new project process PRFAQ

## Adjournment

Cameron motions to adjorn - No objections - Meeting closed
  
