# 2022.06.06 Policy WG Minutes

Time 0830 PST / 1630 BST

- Chair – Chris Adams (The Green Web Foundation)
- Chair - Elise Zelechowski (Thoughtworks)
- Convener –  Sean Mcilroy (Linux Foundation)
  
## Roll call

**Name Surname, (Company)**  
Sean Mcilroy - LF <br>
Asim Hussain - MSFT <br>
Elise Zelechowski - TW <br>
Abhishek Gupta - BCG <br>
Cameron Casher - TW <br>

[Meeting recording](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ttKxQE6GweNAI1TCfIq-Fgbv6WIEIuDRbLnIP1ZJ5N8/edit?usp=sharing)

## Antitrust Policy
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
  
[Meeting recording](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BDtithDca2SvcRsRbyVRzs6lWnmvwMOvQvqpZHflOs4/edit?usp=sharing)

## Agenda Approval (decision) 

2022.06.06 Agenda

> Sean reviews the agenda - Asim motions to approve the agenda - no objections - Agenda approved
  
## Approval of previous meeting minutes

[2022.04.25_minutes](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/policy_wg/blob/main/Agenda_Minutes/2022/2022.04.25_minutes.md)

> Cameron motions to approve the agenda - No objections - Minutes approved

**Summary from last meeting**
- [Policy Scope](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dE-cz7vlZwrOG9Fnw5-43VSLhoHu7qZaoHtsurabSkI/edit) Document will be for the green IT policy space.
- Another document will be created for the 24/7 carbon energy compact, for advice on whether should we join in or should we not?
   
## An internal briefing related to the 24/7 UN compact

This compact has been raised by a few members, as a thing for the GSSF to sign, but it’s not clear what signing it fully entails. 

- Does this agree with the principles outlined in the GSF so far, and shared at the summit?
- Is this compatible with the focus on consequential modeling that the SCI relies on?
- Does this end up incentivising the same behavior that the SCI does?
- What are the implications for member organisations if the GSF signs it?



## Landscape analysis

It’s not clear what organisations are now active in this digital sustainability field, and who the GSF should collaborate with.

- Which organisations are active in this field now, and what initiatives are there?
- How do they relate to existing GSF projects?
- Does any of this refer to the current GSF ontology?
- What existing work is out there to explore the themes that would relate to GSF member's interests?

## Open call for externally facing position papers on behalf of member organisations

Part of the GSF’s remit is to make it easier for external stakeholders to understand what digital sustainability is, and how to think about it. However, we need some indication of the common difficulties GSF members have when speaking to either policy makers or people responsible for procurement, for example, so we know what kind of topics it would make sense to explore. 

## Meeting cadence
20th June

> Agreed

## AOB  

Asim - [PRFAQ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dtkj1g8dOxlkpu9xw2AeTE1v28y2CCD9rWzspUVTUwU/edit#heading=h.q4wug7a02m4n)

## Adjournment

Meeting closed @1725
  
