# 2022.08.08 Policy WG Minutes

Time 0830 PST / 1630 BST

- Chair – Chris Adams (The Green Web Foundation)
- Chair - Elise Zelechowski (Thoughtworks)
- Convener –  Sean Mcilroy (Linux Foundation)

## Roll call

- Chris Adams - GWF
- Asim Hussein - GSF
- Elise Zelehowski - TW
- Cameron Casher - TW
- Lisa McNally - TW

## Antitrust Policy
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
  
## Agenda Approval (decision) 

2022.08.08 Agenda - the group approved the agenda.
  
## Approval of previous meeting minutes

[2022.07.11_Minutes](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/policy_wg/blob/main/Agenda_Minutes/2022/2022.07.11_Minutes.md)

The group approved the meeting minutes.

## Landscape Analysis

Review the proposal with the working group, solicit any last changes before proceeding to publish the call.

Google doc - [GSF Policy WG Landscape Analysis](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fLespnMFXw4CjVqmcZ9ktxRsIw76ierQhNliERFQAXw/edit#heading=h.y3a83wfbu9ac)

**Decisions**

The GSF has a procedure to create a FAQ and PR for projects to make them easier to understand for folks new to them.

See [the GSF podcast PR / FAQ as an example](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yyN4xcER0JGxTAgPC7KjqorShrQr5KYM4esteuqbBFQ/edit)

We have agreed to create and bring a PR / FAQ document for the landscape analysis to the next meeting before publishing a request for proposals, as outlined in the landscape analysis document.

**Summary of feedback upon reviewing the landscape analysis proposal**

- We have agree to default to this landscape analysis being a public document, for the benefit of other organisations with complementary goals.
- This will be the first of an annual series of landscape analyses. We commit to at least publishing a second one the year after this analysis is completed.
- the GSF retains writers to help drafting documents. We will enlist them in creating a press release based on the FAQ we create for this project. We will work to have this FAQ ready at the end of 2022-08-15.
- We will cary out a final for the landscape analysis, and the PR / FAQ at the next meeting, before opening up the call to proposals for this work.

## Green Software Checklist

We will discuss this at the next WG meeting.

## COP 27

A brief summary was shared, outlining the key actions for COP 27, outside of a GSF presence at the event in Egypt.

- 3 week hackathon event leading up to 11th November. 
- Limited physical presence in Egypt itself
- Draft public announcements as listed in the briefing below.

[See the link to COP 27 related briefing, and the related hackathon plans](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-x3E470YRPuWehz973pKi0gpX5hHV0yWWYG0-AwASI4/edit#slide=id.g1370379d486_0_12)

## Open call for externally facing position papers on behalf of member organisations

The passage of the Inflation Reduction Act in the United States was discussed.
EZ took an action to review the headline parts of the bill to see where the policy announcements complement some of the existing GSF community and policy work. (examples given include training, expanding access for any of the hackathon related events)


## Meeting cadence
22nd August - Meetings to be scheduled until the end of the year.

## AOB  

None Given

## Adjourn meeting

No objections - Meeting closed

