# 2022.04.25 Policy WG Agenda

Time 0830 PST / 1630 BST

- Chair – Chris Adams (The Green Web Foundation)
- Chair - Elise Zelechowski (Thoughtworks)
- Convener –  Sean Mcilroy (Linux Foundation)
  
## Roll call

**Name Surname, (Company)**  

Chris Adams - GWF<br>
Elise Zelechowski - Thoughtworks<br>
Sean Mcilroy - Linux Foundation<br>
Abhishek Gupta - BCG<br>
Lisa McNally - TW <br>
Cameron Casher WT <br>

[Meeting Transcription](https://otter.ai/u/SANl2Cad9vFSp039jBW3cLeAoTE)

## Antitrust Policy
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
  
## Agenda Approval (decision) 

> Approve agenda

Sean reviews the agenda - Abhishek motions to approve the agenda - No objections - Agenda approved
  
## Approval of previous meeting minutes

> NA

## Handover of Trademark WG activities

Chris outlined that before we move forward with the Policy WG, there is a requirement to specify what is happening with some outstanding topics;

- GSF Trademark registration & Policy
> Chris Adams 

Anything involving anything related to creating a trademark should sit within this working group.

> No further comments or objections

- GSF Training certification 

Asim - One of the things that we're doing in the principles and patterns WG is creating actual training, then we're going to determine how that's going to be examined and certified. There was another idea proposed, which is, what if we just did the examination and no content? It would then be up to other organisations to create the content. Microsoft could have its own training programme, but we're the ones who administer the examination, like how CNCF does it. Asim proposed that the actual training material and the examination certification would sit in the Community Working Group.

## [Policy Scope](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dE-cz7vlZwrOG9Fnw5-43VSLhoHu7qZaoHtsurabSkI/edit)
  
  WG reviewed and agreed on-line editorial updates to the Scope of the WG
  
 ``` 
- Advise GSF on advocacy and signing up as signatories to initiatives, e.g., carbon call.
- Engaging with external bodies and campaigns, commenting on existing or proposed policies related to green software, and creating our policy proposals.
- Managing projects related to the green certification of products and services.
  - Leverage "practitioner" level of implementation of certification
  - GSF value could be a convener across major enterprises (BCG; Accenture) to lead the discussion about what "green certification" looks like, from policy, legal, open-knowledge, baselining, etc.
    - Research needed: Who else is working on green certification, and what progress has been made?
```

Elise - We met maybe a few weeks ago to try to put together some thoughts on how we understand the scope of this working group and some of the projects that might be a priority.
In terms of scope, engaging with external bodies and campaigns, commenting on producer demand scrolling there, you can give commentary on existing or proposed policies related to green software as well as create our policy proposals, and then manage projects related to the green certification of products and services and awesome. Do we want this committee to review it and provide a recommendation to the steering committee? Asim - This would be an advisory then the steering committee would make the final call/approval.
  
Lisa - The sustainable IP group may be a good place we can start to align because one of their primary objectives is to offer green certification, and it makes little sense for the GSF to compete with them. But we want to be sure if we're going to collaborate, we want to understand what it is exactly that they represent and who they are. Asim/Elise - We have reached out to them and have received no response. Lisa indicated; that she'll reach out to sustainability IP Group.
  
Asim - Suggested the 24/7 carbon energy compact, they'll help the GSF figure out what processes and how we can reach an agreement. What is the output of this group, which is the recommendation to join.... Is it a one-page document? We need to present this to people, other than a sentence the policy working group wants to join. 

Elise - Is there anything we feel we could leverage the summit for, in terms of the immediate small task's things? We had talked about hosting a session as part of the closing ceremony on policy related topics. Don't know if that's still in play to get people thinking about this as one of the major areas we focus on as an organisation? Additionally, are there any other organisations that we need to liaise with to start this sort of space mapping and understand who's doing what, so we can have more informed conversations? To develop a policy strategy, we need to know who's in this space and the different stakeholders.

Chris added that mapping out what's happening in America and Europe would be helpful.
  
Summary 
- Document [Policy Scope](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dE-cz7vlZwrOG9Fnw5-43VSLhoHu7qZaoHtsurabSkI/edit is the green IT policy space for sharing ideas.
- Document for the 24/7 carbon energy compact a separate doc for advice regarding, whether should we join in or should we not?
   
## Meeting cadence

> Agreed to a bi-weekly meeting, starting 23rd May

## AOB
  
> Nothing added

## Adjournment
  
> Asim motions to adjourn - No objections - Meeting Adjourned
