# 2022.07.11 Policy WG Agenda

Time 0830 PST / 1630 BST

- Chair – Chris Adams (The Green Web Foundation)
- Chair - Elise Zelechowski (Thoughtworks)
- Convener –  Sean Mcilroy (Linux Foundation)

Meeting recording - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ttKxQE6GweNAI1TCfIq-Fgbv6WIEIuDRbLnIP1ZJ5N8/edit
  
## Roll call

Chris Adams - GWF
Sean Mcilroy - LF <br>
Elise Zelehowski - TW<br>
Asim Hussain - MSFT<br>
Abhishek Gupta - BSG<br>
Cameron Casher - TW<br>
Lisa McNally - TW

## Antitrust Policy
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
  
## Agenda Approval (decision) 

2022.07.11 Agenda

Sean reviews the agenda - Asim motions to approve - No objections - agenda approved
  
## Approval of previous meeting minutes

[2022.06.06_minutes](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/policy_wg/blob/main/Agenda_Minutes/2022/2022.06.06_Minutes.md)

Asim motions to approve the minutes - No objections - Minutes approved

**Summary from last meeting**

- [Policy Scope](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dE-cz7vlZwrOG9Fnw5-43VSLhoHu7qZaoHtsurabSkI/edit) Document will be for the green IT policy space.
- Another document will be created for the 24/7 carbon energy compact, for advice on whether should we join in or should we not?

## Landscape analysis

 - Discuss the creation of a separate project following the updated GSF process, and allocating of GSF resources (people's time, any budget considerations)
 - Review previously shared PRFAQ, to start the Landscape analysis project.

Editorial updates added directly to [GSF Policy WG Landscape Analysis](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fLespnMFXw4CjVqmcZ9ktxRsIw76ierQhNliERFQAXw/edit#heading=h.y3a83wfbu9ac)

> Action Item - Chris to draft a budget proposal for the landscape analysis report.

## Green Software Checklist

- Discuss scope and goals of the checklist, and the intended audiences (i.e. would this work as sample guidance for reproduction in procurement guidelines in public sector digital teams?)
- Discuss assumed resourcing requirements and timeframe.

Editorial updates added directly to[Green Software Checklist](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dtkj1g8dOxlkpu9xw2AeTE1v28y2CCD9rWzspUVTUwU/edit)

## Open call for externally facing position papers on behalf of member organisations

Action Item - Chris/Elise to review this on behalf of the GSF

## Meeting cadence
25th July

> Agreed

## AOB  

COP27

Sean informs the members, that there is currently an opportunity for some GSF members from the Policy WG to attend COP27, as part of the LF submission.
AI: Sean to keep the members updated with the number of people,who'll be able to represent the GSF.

## Adjourn meeting

Asim moitons to adjourn - no objections - Meeting closed
  
