# 2022.08.08 Policy WG Agenda

Time 0830 PST / 1630 BST

- Chair – Chris Adams (The Green Web Foundation)
- Chair - Elise Zelechowski (Thoughtworks)
- Convener –  Sean Mcilroy (Linux Foundation)

## Roll call

**Name Surname, (Company)**  

## Antitrust Policy
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
  
## Agenda Approval (decision) 

2022.08.08 Agenda
  
## Approval of previous meeting minutes

[2022.07.11_Minutes][https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/policy_wg/blob/main/Agenda_Minutes/2022/2022.07.11_Minutes.md]

**Summary from last meeting**

- We will review a proposal for a landscape analysis, soliciting feedback before proceeding with commissioning the work.
- Review of any last minute requirements needed the landscape analysus, before opening a public call for applications (i.e the internal press release etc)

---

## Landscape Analysis

Review the proposal with the working group, solicit any last changes before proceeding to publish the call.

Google doc - [GSF Policy WG Landscape Analysis](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fLespnMFXw4CjVqmcZ9ktxRsIw76ierQhNliERFQAXw/edit#heading=h.y3a83wfbu9ac)

## Green Software Checklist

_carried over from last week_

- Discuss scope and goals of the checklist, and the intended audiences (i.e. would this work as sample guidance for reproduction in procurement guidelines in public sector digital teams?)
- Discuss assumed resourcing requirements and timeframe.

- Google doc - [Green Software Checklist (TBD) - PR FAQ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dtkj1g8dOxlkpu9xw2AeTE1v28y2CCD9rWzspUVTUwU/edit#heading=h.q4wug7a02m4n)

## COP 27

- Brief summary for members, and application as part of the Linux Foundation.

## Open call for externally facing position papers on behalf of member organisations

- open request for members if there any specific issues the GSF should look into.

## Meeting cadence
22nd August - Meets scheduled until the end of the year.

## AOB  



## Adjourn meeting
  
