## ⚠️ Note - these are _draft_ meeting minutes ⚠️ 

Please do not assume these are the final minutes without further input from the convener, Sean Mcilroy

# 2022.08.22 Policy WG Minutes

Time 0830 PST / 1630 BST

- Chair – Chris Adams (The Green Web Foundation)
- Chair - Elise Zelechowski (Thoughtworks)
- Convener –  Sean Mcilroy (Linux Foundation)

## Roll call

- Chris Adams - GWF
- Asim Hussein - GSF
- Cameron Casher - TW
- Lisa McNally - TW
- Zane Cooper - Intel
- Tamara Kneese - Intel
- _Elise Zelechowski (Thoughtworks) sent apologies_

## Antitrust Policy
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
  
## Agenda Approval (decision) 

2022.08.22 Agenda

> Approved
  
## Approval of previous meeting minutes

[2022.08.08_Minutes](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/policy_wg/blob/main/Agenda_Minutes/2022/2022.08.08_Minutes.md)

> Approved

## Landscape Analysis

Review the proposal with the working group, solicit any last changes before proceeding to publish the call.

> Suggestion to merge these projects agreed in principle. Agreed to make multi year commitment to funding the production of an artefact presenting some of the initiallt proposed information that would have been in the Landscape Analysis.
 
> AH to bring revised PR FAQ propos

_More to add here_

## Green Software Checklist

_carried over from last week_

- Discuss scope and goals of the checklist, and the intended audiences (i.e. would this work as sample guidance for reproduction in procurement guidelines in public sector digital teams?)
- Discuss assumed resourcing requirements and timeframe.

- Google doc - [Green Software Checklist (TBD) - PR FAQ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dtkj1g8dOxlkpu9xw2AeTE1v28y2CCD9rWzspUVTUwU/edit#heading=h.q4wug7a02m4n)

> Decision was to remove this from future agendas til it is revised.

### Open call for externally facing position papers on behalf of member organisations

IRA - Elise: Review the headline parts of the bill to see where the policy announcements complement some of the existing GSF community and policy work. (examples given include training, expanding access for any of the hackathon related events)

> Moved to next meeting

## COP 27

- Nomination updates
> Asim / Sean

## Meeting cadence
> 05th Sept

## AOB  

## Adjourn meeting
  
